Accessibility tags (#887)
braintree/braintree-web-drop-in: CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG

## Unreleased

>  - Added alert role to error message divs beneath card inputs

Reviewer: A couple nitpicky suggestions for the Changelog:
- Looks like we use present tense verbs throughout the changelog. So in this case `Added` -> `Add`
- We usually add a reference to the issue we are addressing

```suggestion
 - Add alert role to error message divs beneath card inputs. (#845 [https://github.com/braintree/braintree-web-drop-in/issues/845])
```
